Class: GCharts.Lines {#GCharts.Lines}
==========================================
This Class creates a lines graph. 

GCharts.Lines Method: constructor {#GCharts.Lines:constructor}
-------------------------------------------------

### Example:
    
    var lines = new GCharts.Lines(items[,options]);

### items

The items argument is an array of items. Each item should be a literal object with the following attribues:
* name (`string`)
* value (`Array`) A list of points for the lines. These can either be normal number values, or they can be arrays of [x,y] coordinates.
* color (`string` optional) a 6 digit hex representation for the default color to use for chart items. If not supplied will use the #options.defaultColor setting
* width (`int` optional) line width in pixels
* dashs (`int` optional) for dashed lines - length in pixels of dashed segments. #options.spaces must also be supplied for this to work.
* spaces (`int` optional) for dashed lines - length in pixels of space between dashs. #options.dashs must also be supplied for this to work.


### Options:
This class uses all of the options supplied by GCharts#options and GCharts.Graphs#options, with these additions/changes:

* labels (`bool`) set to false by default
* markers (`bool`) whether or not to display markers on each of the points of the graph. Default is `true`
* markerColor  (`string`) a 6 digit hex representation for the marker color (if options#markers is set to true). Default is `0000000`.
* showX /showY are set to false by default

