Class: GCharts {#GCharts}
==========================================
This is the base Class for all chart classes. It provides the basic options and configurations for creating charts using the google chart API

GCharts Method: constructor {#GCharts:constructor}
---------------------------------
### Example:

	var chart = new GCharts(items[,options]);

### Arguments:

1. items - (`Array`) an array of items to create the chart from. All items are literal objects, and should at least have a value attribute (value structure varries between implementations) and a name attribute (string)
1. options - (`object`: optional) See below.

### Options:

* defaultColor (`string`) a  6 digit hex representation for the default color to use for chart items. When set to empty string, will use the default chart colors (default - empty string)
* generate (`bool`) whether to generate the image on construction (default: true)
* labels (`bool`) whether to display the item labels on the chart. Note - different chart types use this options differently. (default : ture)
* legend (`bool`) whether or not to display a legend. (default:true)
* legendPosition (`string`) where to position the legend. can be:
    * bottom
    * bottom-vertical
    * top
    * top-vertical
    * right
    * left (default)
* target (`Element`) a target element to inject the image. (default : `null`)
* title (`string`) a title for the chart. Line break can either use `\n` or `|`.
* sizeX (`int`) vertical image size in pixels. (default : 300)
* sizeY (`int`) horizontal image size in pixels. (default : 150)

GCharts Method: generate {#GCharts:generate}
------------------------
generates the image.
### Example:

    charts.generate();
    
GCharts Method: toElement {#GCharts:toElement}
---------------
document.id helper. provides the image element.

Class: GCharts.Graphs {#GCharts.Graphs}
==========================================
This is the base Class for all graph based charts. It provides the basic options and configurations for these types of charts.

Special Options {#GCharts.Graphs:options}
-------------------
* titleX (`string`|`Array`): a title for the x axis. If array is provided, will use it to set values to the axis.
* titleY (`string`|`Array`): a title for the y axis. If array is provided, will use it to set values to the axis.
* showX (`bool`) whether or not to display the x axis.
* showY (`bool`) whether or not to display the y axis.
* rangeX (`Array`) a range for the axis. made of 3 parts: `[start,end [,step] ]`. Note - for non-numeric values, use the titleX option as an array.
* rangeY (`Array`) a range for the axis. made of 3 parts: `[start,end [,step] ]`. Note - for non-numeric values, use the titleY option as an array.